hello people of all we need
today is one more video here then
talk about gta5 is in the online case
now obviously related to the molds
see right then I'll leave the description 2
where is is a gringo site there that
kind were beauty but it is open no
You need to have account there to accessed
nothing the guys were creating topics
Cali, I was banished from online.
a rockstar mibanco mil
I'll put it here in the discretion of
You click to have a look there.
happens is basically after this
update I do not know if it's coincidence or
we do not even know why rockstar
did not say anything about it yet then
Coming 30 days, right?
I posted in the case of one speaking to
you update that had left is
project on the 31st and has civilians right
in the case of day 11 a day after the
update is that went out by gta5 several
news on various websites
everything on several sites and I will leave as
example the registration for you give a
look the bassaki games are talking
what rockstar was doing
apparently good boy the galera who
wore what she was wearing on the fashion line
is and is she started the bench so
I told you and other videos.
do not use online
We do not know if this galera either.
which was banned and was for example because
I was using at the time and the system
Detected took a shower on the hour I did not
I know or it was too, if she used two
days ago a day a few hours ago and
When I went back in, it was beautiful.
I do not know, are these people who took
the bank to rockstar online new when
They go there and it seems that image is and
by the stocking that was expelled say so
of the session but speaks and in the image
banned from gta 5 online and such and such
dude, got it, huh?
You know, you 're not happy about the
people who kind of lost the right
Let's just say that to enter online, right?
these people paid everything but the game
but everyone
my conscience at least most
obvious that everyone knew that he could not
use
fashion online the galera was to use as I said
I had to add snow on the modem
I play until everything goes well, kind of
I do not think anything much is used in the session
private only you there and such but had galera
already abusing us as I told
you have personal mode gta5 already online
to use tricks is obviously now
no one will want to use right
Everyone is afraid but finally has order
to pick up any car from the
game I do not know that each environment eg
that 's almost a million I bought now
shortly after the playing time
online
I have in the chest in notebooks a year
because I fucking played online for
buy it is almost a million I spent
much more than 1 million he in my case
mine is worth more than a million because kind
I did I did a lot of thing the ox
a lot of things in my car
anyway but have a good buck in it right?
it not only other cars also I
I have or the game to fuck
get it and the guys were kind of
steal is stealing is stealing in the game
taking a car that you do not want
any way you want
It's very easy, it's not what it's expected
and I left today halfway through what I knew
do this and this is good in a way
if you're going to think about the community
pcp itself because it will avoid the galley
usac of infinite life said that it is
infinite in its infinity in its infinity
then this is good in a way the
Priscilla then means if I put
an example cart I put a
cart there on the online a notes wang no
even people who were using a type
of snow property other things more
simple so it was not stealing in the game
some also took to good
people do not know if it's kind it was a mistake to
rockstar eye her system there that
You got in the way and you had a shower.
and that gave me the band that I
I was stealing and went out bathing all over.
world no one knows yet more
happening
As I told you, I always spoke.
since the first video I posted here
pc gta5 do not use online mode
who used're seeing now been banned and there
The ball the guy is good and the heat is then
back to the subject I was talking about
It's kind of good rock is coming out
the bank in the galley because otherwise the staff
would turn crumbly know little enters it
in a rookie of my face obviously is
everything cattle for me
The guy throwing me into space I die the
time I would be forced to play in the
private session wii with friends
huh
so my what is being a good one
let's call it the bank since
several people took the herd and then it
kind of good because you have to have a
Unfortunately, the guys do not
content just to put a little engine
snow on putting a modified car I know
There's a little something like that, people are not
content at least the majority of
will not stop there will want to steal
he will pick up the car he knows
do these things infinite life is never
recharge infinite ammunition
things that have team is on here in the
off already has now on online face not by
Please leave as is without furniture.
unfortunately, unfortunately, in quotation marks
these people knew that it could not be
To use face danced in the then already is also
the warning for you is not
I will leave the links as I talked to
registration you can give a beautiful
to see the comments also in the bajaki
games is very funny oab-pe the guys
Botafogo
For anyone who wants to see read here in
beauty description I told you what you think
where I posted a video talking to
you in the one in your update
blocking everything in the off too but this
It's going to be a bit difficult in the off.
get it right off, not because you 're not
hurting anyone but not at home
do not roll, this is my opinion
I do not know, but I do not know.
Sure today the video came out more
video the ways I'll keep bringing
for you as soon as the crowd decided
This problem is either bringing
You all the furniture off and on.
leave a download for anyone who wants to use
and everything but beauty but then you liked it
video a very fast video lets you
that leaves the love itu of your opinion
We are also in the
video, right?
already the next video today with this version
video is three times a day and gave
bye